Add in_process_executor use-case to Kubernetes deploy documentation. (#20815)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/deployment/guides/kubernetes/customizing-your-deployment.mdx

Other run launchers will ignore the `dagster-k8s/config` tag.

> The default <a href="/deployment/executors">executor</a> <PyObject module="dagster" object="multi_or_in_process_executor" /> will run each job in its own pod executing each step in an individual process. If your Dagster job produces assets which have a short compute time (compared to the step overhead time), consider avoiding the step process creation cost by using the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> executor, which runs each step serially in a single process. This can be especially useful where parallelism is obtained through a <PyObject object="PartitionsDefinition" /> and is unnecessary within the job. For this use-case, the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> is more efficient than running each step in its own process and the <PyObject module="dagster_k8s" object="k8s_job_executor" /> is contraindicated as the delay of scheduling and starting up a new Dagster pod to execute every step would significantly slow down overall execution time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default [executor](/deployment/executors) - <PyObject module="dagster" object="multi_or_in_process_executor" /> - will run each job in its own pod, executing each step in an individual process. If your Dagster job produces assets which have a short compute time (compared to the step overhead time), consider avoiding the step process creation cost by using the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> executor, which runs each step serially in a single process. This can be especially useful where parallelism is obtained through a <PyObject object="PartitionsDefinition" /> and is unnecessary within the job. 

For this use-case, the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> is more efficient than running each step in its own process. The <PyObject module="dagster_k8s" object="k8s_job_executor" /> is contraindicated, as the delay of scheduling and starting up a new Dagster pod to execute every step would significantly slow down overall execution time.
```

Using suggestions to make things easier to communicate.

- No need for HTML links here - Markdown is fine
- Break second half of this into its own paragraph. I think combining some of this improved things, but it does need a visual (and reading!) break. This seems like the right place for it.
- Broke the last paragraph into multiple sentences. Good info, but it being on the long side can make it harder to read + understand.

Other run launchers will ignore the `dagster-k8s/config` tag.

The default executor <PyObject module="dagster" object="multi_or_in_process_executor" /> will run each job in its own pod executing each step in an individual process.
If your Dagster job produces assets which have a short compute time (compared to the step overhead time), consider avoiding the step process creation cost by using the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> executor, which runs each step serially in a single process.
This can be especially useful where parallelism is obtained through a <PyObject object="PartitionsDefinition" /> and parallelism within the job is unnecessary.

> For this use-case, the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> is more efficient than running each step in its own process.

Author: Redundancy addressed, fresh review requested.

> Using the <PyObject module="dagster_k8s" object="k8s_job_executor" /> in this use-case is contraindicated as it places additional stress on the Kubernetes API server, creating a new pod for each step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the <PyObject module="dagster_k8s" object="k8s_job_executor" /> in this use-case is contraindicated as the delay of scheduling and starting up a new Dagster pod to execute every step would significantly slow down overall execution time in these cases..
```

I would be less worried about the k8s api server vs the delay of provisioning nodes, scheduling pods and bootstrapping dagster + importing user code as the major impact to a workload that runs very small steps.

Reviewer 2: note: the text changed but this comment remains valid

Reviewer 2: > Using the <PyObject module="dagster_k8s" object="k8s_job_executor" />

would exacerbate the problem that launching steps in separate process creates by an order of magnitude. (which is, in this context, a more significant problem than load on the k8s api server)

Author: Changes applied

Other run launchers will ignore the `dagster-k8s/config` tag.

> The default executor <PyObject module="dagster" object="multi_or_in_process_executor" /> will run each job in its own pod executing each step in an individual process. If your Dagster job produces assets which have a short compute time (compared to the step overhead time), consider avoiding the step process creation cost by using the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> executor, which runs each step serially in a single process. This can be especially useful where parallelism is obtained through a <PyObject object="PartitionsDefinition" /> and parallelism within the job is unnecessary. For this use-case, the <PyObject module="dagster" object="in_process_executor" /> is more efficient than running each step in its own process. Using the <PyObject module="dagster_k8s" object="k8s_job_executor" /> in this use-case is contraindicated as it places additional stress on the Kubernetes API server, creating a new pod for each step.

Reviewer 2: adding this link as reference would be helpful:

- https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/executors

Author: href added
